ALLOWED_HOSTS instructions incorrect (#4319)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/upsun/src/get-started/stacks/django.md

## 2. Configure `ALLOWED_HOSTS`

> By default other than `localhost` Django only allows hosts listed in `settings.ALLOWED_HOSTS` to be accessed. By default Django does not allow for wildcard hosts than span multiple levels so in order to support our dynamic preview environments you will want to dynamically add those to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, other than `localhost`, Django only allows hosts listed in `settings.ALLOWED_HOSTS` to be accessed. However, Django does not allow for wildcard hosts that span multiple levels by default. This becomes relevant in order to support our dynamic preview environments you will want to dynamically add to the list.
```
